In this lecture we will learn about how to work with text and bootstrap.
When we put our text inside of our container div it automatically takes on certain properties by default
our text has a font size of 16 pixels and a font of hell Vatican new.
Let's start by adding a div with a class value of container to our Web page.
Bootstrap allows us to use the display heading class to sign and display heading of 1 to 4.
That makes our headings stand out more than HVM else.
Normal H-1 heading display 1 is the largest display heading that bootstrap gives us.
We will add an H1 heading element and give it a class value of display 1.
Don't forget to add some text content between the opening and closing H-1 tags so that you can see the
effect.
Then we will go to the web browser and run our code as you can see the result of the code we type.
Does a large dark heading that stands out on our Web page.
Then we will go back to the editor and look at another example display for the smallest heading that
bootstrap gives us to see the difference in the effect that this class has on heading text.
Let's change the 1 to 4 in the class value but leave everything else the same for each one element and
then go back to the web browser and run our code as you can see the size of our heading is smaller and
the color of our heading is lighter.
Let's go back to the editor and look at another example.
Bootstrap gives us several styles that we could easily apply to our text including bold lightweight
italic and normal by giving the text a class value of fun to wait bulled we can make bootstrap text
bold.
For this example we will create a paragraph element with some example text content and astonied a class
value of font weight.
Bold.
Let's go to the web browser and write our code.
We can see that our text is bold on the web page.
Let's jump back to the editor.
By using the bootstrap class font weight light it will make our text extra thin.
Let's change the word bold to the word light in our class value and then jump back to the web browser
when we run the code.
You will notice that the text is now very thin.
As a result of having a class value of fun wait light.
Let's jump back to the editor.
The font italic class and bootstrap allows us to easily transform our text into italic text.
Let's change the class value of our paragraph element to font italic.
Then we will go to the web browser and run our code.
As we can see the result is that the text is Italic on a web page.
Let's go back to the editor and look at another example.
The font weight normal class lets us ensure that the font weight is normal weight and not bold or lightweight
programmatically.
This class allows us to reset the text to its default wait if we change the class value of our paragraph
element to fun weight normal and then what our code in the web browser you will see the result.
The text has been reset to its normal default font weight.
Then we will go back to the editor and look at another example.
Bootstrap also gives us classes to easily modify the capitalization of text on a webpage.
We can change our text to all capital letters or lower case letters or the first letter of each word
to capital and the rest to lowercase.
If we want to make all the letters in our text uppercase we can assign text to class value of text uppercase.
Let's change the class value of our text to text uppercase and then go to the web browser to run our
code as you can see the text has now been converted to uppercase.
Let's go back to the editor.
The text lowercase class lets us change the text to all lower case letters.
We will change the class value to text lowercase and then when our code in the web browser as you can
see all of the letters in the text have been changed to lowercase then we will go back to the editor
if we assign our elemental of value of text capitalize the first letter of each word will be capital
and the rest will be lowercase.
Let's change the class value of our text to text capitalized and then run the code as you can see the
first letter in each word of our text is capitalized and the next lecture.
We will learn about some of the other useful features of bootstrap.